Prepare project to manage translations (#253)
openfun/marsha: docs/i18n.md

# Translations

Translations are managed on crowdin: [https://crowdin.com/project/marsha](https://crowdin.com/project/marsha)

Feel free to help us to translate Marsha.
If you want to translate the project in a new language ask us in an issue and we will be happy to add it.

## Release Process

We choose to commit, before each release, all the translations.
We made everything to ease this step by creating tasks in the Makefile.

> Before using the command available in ou Makefile you have first to set the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the command available in the Makefile, you need to set the environment
```

Author: :ok_hand:

variables `CROWDIN_API_KEY`, `CROWDIN_PROJECT_ID` and `CROWDIN_BASE_PATH`. See the
`Environment variables` documentation.

> You only have to run this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only have to run:
```

Author: :ok_hand:
